[MRG] Nearest Centroid Divide by Zero Fix (#18370)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v0.24.rst

  the data intrinsic dimensionality is too high for tree-based methods.
  :pr:`17148` by :user:`Geoffrey Bolmier <gbolmier>`.

> - |Fix| :class:`neighbors.NearestCentroid` calling ``fit`` method on an ``X`` 
>   vector with all features having zero variance will raise ``ValueError`` 
>   preventing divde by zero error downstream. 
>   :pr:`18370` by :user:`Trevor Waite <Trevor-Waite>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Fix| :class:`neighbors.NearestCentroid` with a numerical `shrink_threshold`
  will raise a `ValueError` when fitting on data with all constant features.
  :pr:`18370` by :user:`Trevor Waite <Trevor-Waite>`.
```
